I've completely lost sight of those
lionesses who were heading straight for
honey and the Cubs where on earth are
they
Chris of the Lions come out of the logo
and it was just this one came across all
the earth stayed behind when you say
this one which one oh my god I'm so
stupid
am i stupid am i really stupid what's
that
what is this in theater you what's this
was behind the car you might not go
right across in front of it I don't
believe that I was so concentrated on
where those lands had been oh my
goodness she's using my car as a blind
and she's going for that wildebeest with
the broken leg that's gonna be the
easiest kill these lions are made in a
while has honey come right over bite one
she probably saw the whole thing
honey get away trying to get away the
Lions got it the Lions got it another
line coming in okay where's honey
oh look look look honey right down here
here's honey she's watching the whole
thing okay I'm just gonna move
you see the way the larnice is just
strangling that wildebeest panel thank
goodness that their target was the
wildebeest and not honey she is very
very lucky Lions have already killed one
of her cubs it could so easily happen
again